DCPU-16 Hardware Info:
    Name: XL Control Moment Gyroscope (gyroscope)
    ID: 0xeec6c4de
    Version: 0xabcd
    Manufacturer: 0xe1e0bd31 (GENERAL DRIVES)

Description:
    Ships use electrically-powered reaction wheels, also called momentum wheels,
    to control attitude and achieve stabilization. Massive wheels are typically
    mounted in three orthogonal axes aboard the spacecraft. They provide means 
    to trade angular momentum back and forth between spacecraft and wheels. To 
    rotate the vehicle in one direction, you spin up the proper wheel in the 
    opposite direction. To rotate the vehicle back, you slow down the wheel. 

    General Drive's high capacity Control Moment Gyroscope provides highly
    sophisticated control interface that hides the low level spin speed 
    momentum management and automatic momentum desaturation manouvers.

    Ships computer can simply set the level of torque that will be generated
    by gyroscope around its axis of installation.

Interrupt behavior:
    When a HWI is received by the XLCMG, it reads the A register and does one
    of the following actions:
    
    0: SET_TORQUE_LEVEL
       Reads the B register and sets the CMG to generate torque. Torque power
       is specified in register B as two's complement signed number.
       
           Total torque = 50kNm * B / 0x7fff

       If B is 0 or insufficient power is available, gyroscope will stabilize
       the ship in respect to it's installation axis.

       When sufficient power is restored, torque generation will continue at
       specified power level.

       Disclaimer: Setting torque to 0x8000 is not allowed and may seriously 
       damage or destroy the CMG. General Drives cannot be held liable 
       under any circumstances by anyone, directly or indirectly, in any 
       specific or other way, for damages resulting from the use 0x8000.

    1: GET_STATUS
       CMG's current status is set to B register and torque power level to C
       register.

    2: GET_GYROSCOPE_ID
       GYROSCOPE_ID is unique identifier for every installed gyroscope within
       a ship. See ship's reference manual to deduct rotation axis from 
       GYROSCOPE_ID.

       GYROSCOPE_ID is set to B register.

    .--------------.
----! STATUS CODES !------------------------------------------------------------
    '--------------'
  
0x0000 STATE_POWER_OFF  Gyroscope is not generating torque
0x0001 STATE_POWER_ON   Gyroscope is generating torque
0x0002 STATE_NO_POWER   Gyroscope has insufficient power
